# Sport-wise-comparison-of-the-US-and-Great-Britain-in-the-2016-Olympics
*In this Project, a comparison was made based on the medals awarded to 2 countries ,United States of America and Great Britain, with respect to different sports in which both the countries participated.*

#United States of America:
*The United States, represented by the United States Olympic Committee (USOC), competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, from August 5 to 21, 2016. U.S. athletes have appeared in every Summer Olympics of the modern era, with the exception of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, which they boycotted in protest of the Soviet–Afghan War. For the second consecutive time in the Summer Olympics, the United States was represented by more female than male athletes (264 men and 291 women).*

*The 2016 Olympics were the third most successful for the United States as far as the medal count (121) and the most successful not held in the United States: St. Louis had 239 total medals won in 1904, and Los Angeles had 174 in 1984. These Games also witnessed the thousandth Summer Olympic gold medal for the Americans.*

#Great-Britain:
*Great Britain, or in full Great Britain and Northern Ireland, represented by the British Olympic Association (BOA), competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016 and the team of selected athletes was officially known as Team GB. British athletes have appeared in every Summer Olympic Games of the modern era, alongside Australia, France, Greece, and Switzerland, though Great Britain is the only country to have won at least one gold medal at all of them. Although the British Olympic Association is the National Olympic Committee (NOC) for Great Britain and Northern Ireland,[2] Northern Irish athletes can choose whether to compete for Great Britain or for the Republic of Ireland, as they are entitled to citizenship of either nation under the Good Friday Agreement.*

*Team GB selected 366 athletes for Rio 2016 who competed across 23 sports, the biggest team at an away Games for 24 years. At Rio, the team won 67 medals, finishing second on the medal table behind the USA. Following the 65 medals won at London 2012, it was the first time any Olympic team had won more medals at a Games immediately after hosting.*